tell us mr. Scott how does it feel to
send a man to the chair I didn't kill
her you thought he was guilty you know
you did when I walk into a courtroom
I've gotta win I've always had a win
that's right Scott you had a string of
convictions as long as a thousand last
miles but there's always that first
mistake and you've made it now you're on
the other side of the fence twisting the
law inside out against men who took over
your job but couldn't take over your
skill because you know every trick in
the book you should you were once the
best district attorney in the state
as former district attorney you have a
pipeline into our office you must have
one of our peoples in your pocket and
the DA knows it was not your
relationship with Victor Scott who is
here in court defending you today so
close that it continued even after your
marriage to rape Morton yes wasn't that
somewhat unusual for a married woman did
you or did you not visit Victor Scott
the day of the murder
you heard me lose the case and lose it
now if the let blows off don't blame me
I don't blame people I bury him